# Andrew's README.md
 

When I was starting to do my next project there was alot of things that I noticed and learned from the previous project. In the process of doing the project what is was trying to attemp to deliver is a website that I had to create about a specific font of my choice with a few of the link provided to get the font from and the one that I choose was warbler. The reason why I choose that font because I liked the way it looked and what it represents. When I was working on mine one thing that I did was that I choose a font and I got it off of David Jonathan Ross's website who creates fonts. Another things that I did was included a header and a footnote, in the header it included the name of my font on the right and the other section to click on the left such as history, variations, and full character set of font as well as what veriable axis can be changed which is weight and optical size. The footnote on the bottom includes my name, the name of the class and my personal email. I also used tan color a darker tan color, brown for the text and heading along with black text for the header and footer sections. Each section like history has information about the font, languages that it supports, as well as the full character set. On the page you will find a download button that takes you to website that i got the font. The last thing was I drew a picture of a warbler, than I took a picture of it, than I put it ilustrator and traced over and flip the traced parts to add color. After I opened it up in photoshop to remove the white background before putting it in the code in order to show up on the website below the header and above the information in the hero section. The problem that it solves is showing other examples so that they can get inspiration when they create their own websites. When doing this project after the first project I learned that use what I learned from the first to help me do better on the next project like with coding but in the process there was also some new things to learn in the process. I also learn that I feel like I improve with each project and still try to find ways to improve. What makes my project stand out is that is not to busy but still gets the point across.

Another important that needed to be addressed was acessability and how I did that was make a site that was easy to navigate so when I showed the class and showed them how things and clicked and what the project looks like. For this project I was required to make mockups and I made mine in figma to get an idea of what it would look like and then transfered it in the code by matching the color of the text, adding boxing for the top and bottom as well as the layout of text and how I want that to look on the page. i developed my own personal branding by using experiences from before as well how I draw and come up with ideas to create things that come out of my head. This project was something that was worked on for a few weeks. This was not my first webpage it was second but I feel that I gained some experience and knowledge.  